Kirk: SPACE:
THE FINAL FRONTIER.
THESE ARE THE VOYAGES
OF THE STARSHIP ENTERPRISE.
ITS FIVE-YEAR MISSION:
TO EXPLORE STRANGE NEW WORLDS,
TO SEEK OUT NEW LIFE
AND NEW CIVILIZATIONS,
TO BOLDLY GO
WHERE NO MAN HAS GONE BEFORE.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
STARDATE 6334.1.
THE OUTBREAK OF CHORIOCYTOSIS
ABOARD THE ENTERPRISE
SEEMS TO BE UNDER CONTROL.
DR. McCOY SAYS
THE DISEASE IS NO LONGER
EVEN AS SERIOUS AS PNEUMONIA,
AND THERE SHOULD BE
NO PROBLEM COMPLETING
OUR PRESENT MISSION,
REPRESENTING THE FEDERATION
AT THE DEDICATION CEREMONIES
FOR THE NEW ACADEMY OF SCIENCE
ON DENEB V.
STATUS, MR. SPOCK?
ALL SYSTEMS AFFIRMATIVE,
CAPTAIN.
THE ENTERPRISE IS ON COURSE
AND ON SCHEDULE.
IT'LL BE NICE TO PLAY DIPLOMAT
FOR A CHANGE, EH, SPOCK?
[THUDDING]
KIRK TO SICKBAY. EMERGENCY!
JIM, CHORIOCYTOSIS IS
A STRANGE DISEASE.
IN RACES
WITH IRON-BASED BLOOD,
IT'S PRACTICALLY NOTHING,
-BUT IN OTHERS...
-GET TO THE POINT, BONES.
SPOCK HAS CONTRACTED
THE DISEASE.
IT'S FATAL TO VULCANS.
Kirk: ARE YOU SURE?
McCoy:
I'VE TRIPLE-CHECKED, JIM.
I WISH TO GOD I WAS WRONG.
SPOCK'S BLOOD IS
COPPER-BASED.
THE INFECTION ENTERS
THE BLOODSTREAM
AND ENCASES THE CELLS
SO THEY CAN'T CARRY OXYGEN.
THE RESULT IS SUFFOCATION.
[SIGHING] YES, JIM.
IS THERE ANY CURE?
ONE.
A NATURALLY OCCURRING DRUG
CALLED STROBOLIN.
BUT IT'S ONLY FOUND
ON A FEW PLANETS
IN THE GALAXY.
-LIBRARY COMPUTER.
-Computer: WORKING.
WHAT IS THE NEAREST
STROBOLIN SUPPLY PLANET
TO OUR PRESENT POSITION?
[WHIRRING]
Computer: BETA CANOPUS.
FOUR SOLAR DAYS AWAY
AT MAXIMUM WARP.
HOW LONG CAN SPOCK LAST
WITHOUT THE DRUG?
I CAN GIVE HIM INJECTIONS
OF A SYNTHESIZED DRUG
THAT WOULD SLOW THE DISEASE.
BUT AFTER TWO DAYS
THE BODY BUILDS UP
AN IMMUNITY.
IT LOSES ITS EFFECTIVENESS.
BY THE END OF THE THIRD DAY,
THE DISEASE WILL BE
IRREVERSIBLE.
IT'LL TAKE FOUR DAYS
TO GET THE DRUG,
BUT SPOCK WILL
DIE IN THREE.
THERE'S GOT TO BE A WAY!
-WHAT ABOUT A RENDEZVOUS?
-OF COURSE!
IF WE CAN'T GO OUT OF OUR WAY
TO GET THE DRUG IN TIME,
THERE MUST BE ANOTHER SHIP
CLOSER TO BETA CANOPUS.
KIRK TO BRIDGE.
GET ME STARFLEET, LIEUTENANT.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
SUPPLEMENTAL.
WE'VE ARRANGED TO GET
THE STROBOLIN NEEDED
TO SAVE MR. SPOCK'S LIFE.
THE STARSHIP POTEMKIN HAS
ALREADY PICKED UP THE DRUG
AND WILL TRANSFER IT
TO A FREIGHTER,
THE S.S. HURON,
FOR DELIVERY
TO THE ENTERPRISE.
WHAT WILL THE SYMPTOMS BE,
BONES?
INCREASING TIREDNESS,
STEADILY DECREASING
EFFICIENCY,
ALL THE SYMPTOMS OF WORKING
IN AN OXYGEN-DEFICIENT
ATMOSPHERE.
KIND OF LIKE THE TEST
YOU HAD TO PASS
BACK AT THE ACADEMY.
[KNOCKING AT DOOR]
COME.
YOU WISHED TO SEE ME, SIR?
UH, YES, SPOCK, SIT DOWN.
WE'VE ARRANGED A RENDEZVOUS
TO PICK UP THE DRUG YOU NEED.
I TRUST IT WILL NOT AFFECT
OUR SCHEDULED ARRIVAL
AT DENEB V.
NO, IT WON'T.
WILL THAT BE ALL,
CAPTAIN?
ONE OTHER THING.
I'VE CUT YOUR DUTY TIME
IN HALF.
CAPTAIN, THAT WON'T BE
NECESSARY. I'M QUITE ABLE...
NO ARGUMENTS, SPOCK.
DOCTOR'S ORDERS.
ANYTHING ELSE, SIR?
THAT'S ALL, SPOCK. DISMISSED.
IT'LL HURT
SEEING HIM LIKE THAT.
I KNOW.
AS MUCH AS IT MIGHT SEEM
AT TIMES
THAT I CAN'T STAND
THAT POINTY-EARED ENCYCLOPEDIA,
I DON'T WANT TO SEE THAT
HAPPEN TO HIM.
E.T.A. AT RENDEZVOUS POINT,
TWO HOURS AND SEVEN MINUTES,
CAPTAIN.
GOOD.
THAT'S A PRETTY IMPORTANT DRUG
WE'VE GOT FOR THE ENTERPRISE.
I'D JUST AS SOON GET RID
OF IT AND GET BACK TO
SHIPPING JUST DILITHIUM.
SIR, OUR SENSORS
ARE PICKING UP
A SHIP AHEAD.
COULD THE ENTERPRISE
BE THAT EARLY?
I'M NOT SURE
IT'S THE ENTERPRISE, SIR.
IT'S TOO FAR AWAY TO TELL.
-WHERE'S IT HEADED?
-TOWARD US, SIR.
KEEP AN EYE ON IT,
LIEUTENANT.
TIME TO RENDEZVOUS,
MR. AREX?
ONE HOUR, 43 MINUTES, SIR.
-I HATE TO ASK, BUT...
-AYE, CAPTAIN.
WE'LL SQUEEZE A WEE BIT MORE
SPEED OUT OF HER.
McCoy on intercom:
McCOY TO BRIDGE.
WHAT IS IT, BONES?
McCoy: TELL SPOCK IT'S TIME
FOR ANOTHER SHOT.
MR. SPOCK.
SPOCK...
I WAS CONSERVING ENERGY,
CAPTAIN.
McCOY WANTS YOU IN SICKBAY.
SENSOR READOUT, CAPTAIN.
IT'S NOT THE ENTERPRISE
CLOSING ON US, SIR.
-ANOTHER STARSHIP?
-NO, SIR.
IT'S AN ALIEN SHIP, A DESIGN
I'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE.
PUT IT ON THE SCREEN.
[BEEPING]
YOU'RE SURE
IT'S FOLLOWING US?
IT'S ON AN INTERCEPT COURSE
NOW, CAPTAIN.
AND AT THIS SPEED,
THEY'LL GET US
BEFORE WE GET
TO THE ENTERPRISE.
THIS WON'T HURT A BIT,
SPOCK.
AN UNNECESSARY ASSURANCE,
DOCTOR,
IN ADDITION TO BEING UNTRUE.
THAT'S THE LAST TIME
I WASTE MY BEDSIDE MANNER
ON A VULCAN.
SUCH RESTRAINT
WOULD BE WELCOME.
NOT SO FAST, SPOCK.
LIE THERE QUIETLY.
[STATIC BUZZING]
McCoy:
WELL, THAT'S NOT TOO BAD.
BACK TO WORK, MR. SPOCK.
THANK YOU, DOCTOR.
THE DRUG ISN'T
WORKING ANYMORE.
I KNOW, CHRISTINE. I KNOW.
DON'T WORRY,
WE'LL HAVE THE STROBOLIN SOON.
THEY'VE INCREASED SPEED, SIR,
CLOSING FAST.
OPEN HAILING FREQUENCIES
AGAIN.
OPEN, SIR.
TO UNIDENTIFIED ALIEN VESSEL.
THIS IS CAPTAIN O'SHEA
OF THE S.S. HURON.
PLEASE STATE YOUR REGISTRY
AND PURPOSE.
REPEAT. PLEASE IDENTIFY YOURSELF
AND YOUR PURPOSE.
IT'S NO USE, SIR.
THEY'RE RECEIVING,
BUT THEY'RE NOT ANSWERING.
WELL, WE'VE GOT
A HOLD FULL OF DILITHIUM
AND THAT DRUG TO PROTECT.
EVASIVE MANEUVERS.
[BEEPING]
NO GOOD, CAPTAIN.
SEND OUT AN EMERGENCY SIGNAL
TO THE ENTERPRISE.
YES, SIR.
MESSAGE FROM THE ALIEN, SIR.
LET'S HEAR IT.
Alien: PREPARE TO SURRENDER
YOUR CARGO, OR BE DESTROYED.
CAPTAIN, I'M GETTING
A SIGNAL FROM THE HURON.
IT'S AN EMERGENCY BEACON,
AUTOMATED.
-TRY SHIP-TO-SHIP.
-I DID, SIR. NO RESPONSE.
SENSOR REPORT, MR. SPOCK.
ARE THEY
AT THE RENDEZVOUS POINT?
NO, SIR.
THEY HADN'T REACHED IT.
COMPUTE NEW COURSE, MR. AREX.
LET'S SEE WHAT'S GOING ON.
THE HURON'S POWER LEVELS
ARE AT BARE MINIMUM
FOR LIFE SUPPORT, CAPTAIN.
I'M PICKING UP
METALLIC DEBRIS.
WAS THE HURON ATTACKED?
BASED ON PRESENT DATA,
I WOULD SAY YES.
SPOCK, ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
CAPTAIN, I...
[THUDDING]
BRIDGE TO SICKBAY!
EMERGENCY!
McCoy: WE'VE GOT TO HAVE
THAT DRUG, JIM.
THE SYNTHETIC IS USELESS NOW.
DO WHAT YOU CAN, BONES.
BLASTED VULCAN!
WHY COULDN'T YOU HAVE RED BLOOD,
LIKE ANY NORMAL HUMAN?
-STATUS?
-THE HURON'S ENGINES ARE DEAD.
EMERGENCY BATTERY POWER
IS OPERATING
LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS
AT A LOW BUT ACCEPTABLE LEVEL.
STILL UNABLE
TO MAKE CONTACT, SIR.
IS ANYONE ON THAT SHIP ALIVE?
YES, SIR.
MR. SCOTT, LIEUTENANT UHURA,
COME WITH ME.
MR. SULU, YOU HAVE THE CONN.
WE'RE BEAMING OVER.
SCOTTY, CHECK THE CARGO HOLD.
SEE IF THE DRUG IS THERE.
AYE, SIR.
UHURA, SEE IF YOU CAN GET
A PLAYBACK OF THE LOG.
I WANT TO KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED HERE.
NURSE, ATTEND TO THE WOUNDED.
SCOTT TO CAPTAIN KIRK.
KIRK HERE.
REPORT, MR. SCOTT.
Scotty: THERE'S NOTHING
DOWN HERE, CAPTAIN.
NO DRUG?
Scotty: NO DRUG
AND NO DILITHIUM SHIPMENT.
THE HOLD IS COMPLETELY EMPTY.
ALL RIGHT.
REPORT BACK UP HERE.
THIS SCREEN IS OUT, SIR.
BUT WE CAN TAKE THE TAPES
AND PLAY THEM BACK
ON THE ENTERPRISE.
GOOD. NURSE, HOW IS HE?
HE NEEDS SURGERY, CAPTAIN,
BUT HE'LL LIVE.
KIRK TO ENTERPRISE.
READY TO BEAM OVER.
HAVE A MEDICAL TEAM
STANDING BY.
Kirk: HOW'S O'SHEA, BONES?
HE'LL PULL THROUGH.
JIM, WHAT ABOUT SPOCK?
IF WE DON'T HAVE THAT DRUG
IN 20 HOURS, HE'LL DIE.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
STARDATE 6335.6.
THE HURON HAS BEEN
LEFT AS SPACE JUNK,
ITS ENGINES SABOTAGED.
CAPTAIN O'SHEA HAS NO IDEA
WHO ATTACKED HIS SHIP,
BUT THE INTRUDER
MUST BE FOUND
AND THE PRECIOUS CARGO
RETRIEVED.
I'VE RUN
THE HURON'S SENSOR TAPES
THROUGH THE COMPUTER, SIR.
THE INTRUDER SHIP
IS A NEW DESIGN,
NEVER BEFORE ENCOUNTERED
BY FEDERATION SHIPPING.
-CAN WE TRACK IT?
-YES, SIR.
THE INTRUDER SHIP PRODUCES
A UNIQUE TRAIL
OF RADIOACTIVE WASTE,
NOW BEARING 2-1-2 DEGREES
MARK 1-7-5.
LAY IN THAT COURSE, SULU.
AHEAD WARP FACTOR 7.
-HOW IS HE, BONES?
-NOT GOOD, JIM.
I'LL HAVE TO PUT
A RESPIRATOR ON HIM
TO HELP HIM BREATHE SOON.
WE'RE FOLLOWING
THE INTRUDER SHIP'S TRAIL.
WE DON'T EVEN KNOW
IF IT'S THE RIGHT ONE.
IT'S GOT TO BE.
WHAT'S THE USE
OF BEING A DOCTOR, ANYWAY?
WE'RE ONLY AS GOOD AS OUR DRUGS
AND TECHNOLOGY MAKE US.
UNDERNEATH ALL THE TRICKS,
I MIGHT AS WELL BE PRACTICING
IN THE MIDDLE AGES.
IF YOU REALLY BELIEVED THAT,
BONES,
YOU WOULDN'T STILL BE A DOCTOR
AFTER 25 YEARS.
REPORT.
RADIOACTIVE RESIDUE
STILL BEARING
2-1-2 DEGREES MARK 1-7-5.
INCREASE SPEED TO WARP 8.
THE TRAIL GOES THROUGH
THE ASTEROID BELT, CAPTAIN.
A GOOD PLACE
FOR AN INTRUDER TO HIDE,
WOULDN'T YOU SAY, MR. SULU?
PERFECT, AND A LONG-RANGE
SENSOR CAN SHOW
THAT THE RADIOACTIVE
RESIDUE STOPS
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BELT.
DEFLECTORS UP. YELLOW ALERT.
CUT SPEED TO WARP 1.
[ALARM BLARING]
-WHAT WAS THAT?
-THESE ASTEROIDS ARE COMPOSED
OF A HIGHLY UNSTABLE
MINERAL COMBINATION, SIR.
THEY EXPLODE UPON IMPACT
WITH EACH OTHER.
OR ANYTHING ELSE.
KEEP THOSE DEFLECTORS UP,
MR. SCOTT.
CAPTAIN,
IF THE POWER OF THOSE ROCKS
COULD BE HARNESSED,
THEY'D MAKE
A FANTASTIC SOURCE OF ENERGY.
ALSO MAKE QUITE A WEAPON.
STEADY AS SHE GOES, SULU.
DEFLECTORS HOLDING, SIR.
HARD TO PORT, SULU.
LET'S FACE THEM HEAD-ON.
HOLD POSITION.
ANALYSIS, MR. SULU?
STANDARD PHASERS, SIR.
WEAK, THOUGH.
A DIFFUSED, LOW-QUALITY BEAM.
OUR DEFLECTORS CAN STOP THEM.
I RECOGNIZE
THE SHIP'S MARKINGS, CAPTAIN.
-IT'S AN ORION.
-Kirk: ORION.
THEY'RE HAILING US, CAPTAIN.
PUT IT ON VISUAL,
LIEUTENANT.
ENTERPRISE,
WE DEMAND THAT YOU CEASE
YOUR PURSUIT IMMEDIATELY.
I MUST PROTEST,
AS A REPRESENTATIVE
OF A NEUTRAL PLANET.
THIS IS CAPTAIN KIRK.
FOR A NEUTRAL,
YOU WERE PRETTY QUICK
TO FIRE YOUR PHASERS.
WE COULDN'T BE SURE
YOU WERE NON-HOSTILE.
ORION'S NEUTRALITY
HAS BEEN IN DISPUTE
EVER SINCE THE AFFAIR
REGARDING THE CORIDAN PLANETS
AND THE BABEL CONFERENCE
OF STARDATE 3850.3.
YESTERDAY,
A FEDERATION FREIGHTER
WAS ATTACKED
IN THIS QUADRANT,
ITS CARGO HIJACKED.
AS THE FIRST ALIEN SHIP
ENCOUNTERED,
WE REQUIRE YOU
TO SUBMIT TO SEARCH,
AS PER BABEL RESOLUTION A-12.
REPLY.
WE HAVE NO FEDERATION CARGO
ABOARD.
ORIONS ARE NOT THIEVES.
IF YOU DON'T CEASE
THIS HARASSMENT,
WE WILL LODGE
A FORMAL PROTEST
WITH YOUR GOVERNMENT.
HOLD ON THAT, UHURA.
TELL THEM TO STAND BY.
SENSORS PICKING UP
THE DILITHIUM IN THEIR HOLD,
SIR.
WHAT ABOUT THE DRUG?
IF THEY HAVE IT, IT'S TOO SMALL
AN AMOUNT TO DETECT.
UHURA, OPEN THE CHANNEL.
CHANNEL OPEN, SIR.
ENTERPRISE TO ORION VESSEL.
I HAVE A PROPOSAL TO MAKE.
IF YOU DO HAVE
THE HURON'S CARGO,
THERE WERE SOME
PERISHABLE DRUGS IN IT
THAT WE DESPERATELY NEED.
WHAT WOULD THESE DRUGS
BE WORTH TO YOU
IF WE HAD THEM?
YOU KEEP
THE DILITHIUM SHIPMENT,
NO MENTION
OF THE WHOLE INCIDENT
TO STARFLEET OR IN MY LOG,
PLUS AN ADDITIONAL GALACTIC
STANDARD WEIGHT CONTAINER
OF DILITHIUM
AS PAYMENT FOR THE DRUG.
WE GET WHAT WE WANT,
PLUS OUR NEUTRALITY
REMAINS INTACT?
WE WILL CONSIDER YOUR OFFER.
VERY WELL. KIRK OUT.
-KIRK TO SICKBAY.
-McCOY HERE.
-BONES, HOW MUCH TIME?
-McCoy: LESS THAN AN HOUR, JIM.
HIS BODY FUNCTIONS
ARE SLIPPING FAST NOW.
Kirk: JUST HOLD OUT
A LITTLE LONGER.
Uhura: THE ORIONS ARE
HAILING US, SIR.
Kirk: PUT IT ON THE SCREEN,
LIEUTENANT.
YOUR PROPOSAL REQUIRES US
TO TRUST YOU.
IT'S OBVIOUS WE CAN'T.
-DO YOU HAVE A COUNTERPROPOSAL?
-YES.
A FACE-TO-FACE EXCHANGE
BETWEEN YOU AND ME.
FACE-TO-FACE? WHERE?
ON THE LARGE ASTEROID
NEAR OUR SHIPS.
WE COULD BEAM DOWN
SIMULTANEOUSLY,
AND I WOULD HAND YOU
THE DRUG MYSELF.
YOU WOULDN'T EVEN
HAVE TO GIVE US
THE EXTRA DILITHIUM CRYSTALS.
NOW IT'S YOUR TURN
TO CONSIDER.
IT'S GOT TO BE A TRAP,
JIM.
NO DOUBT OF IT, SIR.
IT COULD BE A TRAP,
BUT IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO GET THE DRUG.
AND SPOCK WILL DIE
IF WE DON'T.
YOU'VE ALREADY
MADE UP YOUR MIND,
HAVEN'T YOU, JIM?
YES,
BUT NOT WITHOUT PRECAUTIONS.
I'LL KEEP
MY COMMUNICATOR CHANNEL OPEN
SO YOU CAN HEAR WHAT GOES ON.
KEEP THE TRANSPORTER
LOCKED ON ME,
AND IF ANYTHING GOES WRONG,
SCOTTY, I'M TRUSTING YOU.
IF THIS DOESN'T WORK,
WE COULD LOSE YOU AND SPOCK.
IF WE DON'T TRY,
SPOCK DOESN'T HAVE A CHANCE.
STATUS, LIEUTENANT?
WE CAN'T
OUTSHOOT THE ENTERPRISE,
AND WE CAN'T OUTRUN IT, SIR.
YOU'RE SAYING
WE CAN'T ESCAPE?
NO, SIR, WE CAN'T.
ORION'S OFFICIAL NEUTRALITY
COMES BEFORE THIS SHIP
OR ITS CREW.
WE CAN'T TAKE KIRK'S WORD
THAT HE WON'T REPORT
THIS INCIDENT TO STARFLEET.
THE ONLY WAY TO AVOID THAT
IS TO DESTROY THE ENTERPRISE,
AND THE ONLY WAY TO DO THAT
IS TO DESTROY OURSELVES, TOO.
DO YOU HAVE A PLAN,
LIEUTENANT?
YES, SIR.
THESE ASTEROIDS ARE MADE
OF HIGHLY EXPLOSIVE MINERALS.
CAN WE CONVERT
THE ASTEROID WE'RE ORBITING
INTO A DOOMSDAY BOMB
THAT WILL DESTROY BOTH SHIPS?
-YES, SIR, BUT...
-BUT WHAT?
ANALYSIS OF THE ASTEROID SHOWS
THAT IT CAN'T BE DETONATED
BY OUR PHASERS.
WHAT WILL IT TAKE?
A POWERFUL EXPLOSIVE
RIGHT ON THE ASTEROID'S SURFACE.
I COULD RIG
A REMOTE CONTROL DEVICE.
NO.
I'LL TAKE IT WITH ME WHEN I BEAM
DOWN TO MEET CAPTAIN KIRK.
I WANT THE SATISFACTION
OF SEEING HIS FACE
WHEN I TELL HIM
HE AND HIS CREW
ARE GOING TO DIE WITH US.
AND I'M SURE
THEY DON'T TRUST US.
IF KIRK AND I ARE
ON THE ASTEROID,
THE ENTERPRISE
WILL STAY CLOSE BY.
VERY WELL, SIR.
I'LL GET TO WORK.
ENTERPRISE TO ORION VESSEL.
Orion captain:
WHAT IS YOUR ANSWER, CAPTAIN?
-Kirk: I ACCEPT YOUR TERMS.
-VERY WELL.
WE WILL SYNCHRONIZE COORDINATES
AND BEAM DOWN IN 15 MINUTES.
JIM, WE DON'T HAVE
A LOT OF TIME. SPOCK...
15 MINUTES
OR NOT AT ALL, CAPTAIN.
ALL RIGHT. KIRK OUT.
THE DRUG,
AS PROMISED, CAPTAIN.
SCAN IT IF YOU WISH.
[BEEPING]
Kirk: PURE STROBOLIN.
I'LL TAKE THAT NOW,
AND WE CAN BOTH BEAM UP.
NO, CAPTAIN, I CAN'T TRUST
THAT YOU WON'T REPORT
THIS INCIDENT TO STARFLEET.
IF YOU DO, MY PLANET
WILL LOSE ITS NEUTRALITY
AND BE SUBJECT
TO FEDERATION RETALIATION.
YOU CAN'T ESCAPE
THE ENTERPRISE.
BUT WE CAN DESTROY IT.
PICKING UP UNUSUAL
SENSOR READINGS, MR. SCOTT.
WHAT IS IT?
THERE'S DILITHIUM
DOWN THERE WITH THEM, SIR.
I HAVE AN EXPLOSIVE DEVICE
IN MY BACKPACK
THAT WILL START
A MOLECULAR CHAIN REACTION
AND DETONATE THIS ASTEROID.
-YOUR SHIP WILL BE DESTROYED.
-BUT SO WILL YOURS.
ALL UNSUCCESSFUL ORION MISSIONS
END IN SUICIDE.
THE DILITHIUM.
TRANSPORTER ROOM, PINPOINT
THOSE CRYSTALS DOWN THERE
AND BEAM THEM UP!
PINPOINTED, MR. SCOTT.
Scotty on radio:
BEAM THEM UP NOW, LAD.
SCOTTY, ENERGIZE!
CAPTAIN, IT WAS CLOSE.
LET'S GET UP TO THE BRIDGE.
-THEY'RE GONE, SIR.
-GONE?
I WAS SCANNING
AS YOU ORDERED,
AND THEY JUST DISAPPEARED
OFF THE ASTEROID.
BOTH THE EARTHER
AND THE CAPTAIN.
HE'S BEEN CAPTURED,
NO DOUBT.
ARM OUR SELF-DESTRUCT SYSTEM,
ENSIGN.
OPEN HAILING FREQUENCIES,
UHURA.
GRAB HIM!
POISON.
I'M SURE YOUR SHIP IS READY
TO SELF-DESTRUCT, CAPTAIN,
BUT IF IT DOES,
YOUR CREW WILL DIE FOR NOTHING.
WE'RE NOT GOING
TO LET YOU COMMIT SUICIDE.
WHETHER THEY DIE OR NOT,
YOU'LL STILL STAND TRIAL,
AND ORION'S LITTLE GAME OF
NEUTRALITY AND PIRACY IS OVER.
I HAVE THE ORION VESSEL, SIR.
THIS IS CAPTAIN KIRK. WE HAVE
YOUR CAPTAIN AS PRISONER.
YOUR CHOICE, SIR.
DISARM
THE SELF-DESTRUCT SYSTEM.
PREPARE TO SURRENDER
TO THE ENTERPRISE.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
STARDATE 6336.2.
THE ORION CREW
IS IN OUR BRIG,
THEIR SHIP IN TOW,
AND THE ENTERPRISE IS
BACK ON COURSE FOR DENEB V.
SPOCK, THERE'S NO WAY
YOU CAN DENY IT.
DR. McCOY, I...
I'VE WAITED A LONG TIME
FOR THIS,
AND YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO CHEAT ME.
AM I INTERRUPTING SOMETHING?
NOTHING BUT DR. McCOY'S
GLOATING.
SPOCK, THAT GREEN BLOOD OF YOURS
MAY HAVE SAVED YOU BEFORE,
BUT THIS TIME
IT ALMOST DID YOU IN.
YOU CAN'T DENY IT.
I STILL PREFER MY PHYSIOLOGICAL
STRUCTURE TO YOURS.
YES, GENTLEMEN,
THINGS ARE BACK TO NORMAL.
HMM.
HE'S AS STUBBORN AS EVER.
[LAUGHS]